Add Deploy to Gatsby Cloud subsection to main tutorial (#24576)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/tutorial/part-one/index.md

Try using [Surge](http://surge.sh/) for deploying your first Gatsby website. Surge is one of many "static site hosts" which makes it possible to deploy Gatsby sites.

> > Gatsby Cloud is another deployment option, built by the team behind Gatsby.js. You can find instructions for deploying to Gatsby Cloud [below](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-one/#alternative-deploying-to-gatsby-cloud).

Reviewer: Have you read the Gatsby style guide?  We are always Gatsby, never 'Gatsby.js'

Author: Thanks for pointing this out! I hadn't seen that part of the style guide. The tutorial actually uses 'Gatsby.js' just a few lines above, so I suppose that should be updated too.

![Screenshot from Gatsby tutorial](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4264038/83185403-ee62b000-a0f8-11ea-843f-13165e8ea18f.png)

> > Gatsby Cloud is another deployment option, built by the team behind Gatsby.js. You can find instructions for deploying to Gatsby Cloud [below](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-one/#alternative-deploying-to-gatsby-cloud).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Gatsby Cloud is another deployment option, built by the team behind Gatsby. In the next section, you'll find instructions for [deploying to Gatsby Cloud](/tutorial/part-one/#alternative-deploying-to-gatsby-cloud).
```

Link text should describe where the link goes.

Open the web address listed on the bottom line (`lowly-pain.surge.sh` in this
case) and you'll see your newly published site! Great work!

> ## Alternative: Deploying to Gatsby Cloud

Reviewer 2: This feels like a subsection of "Deploying a Gatsby site"
```suggestion
### Alternative: Deploying to Gatsby Cloud
```

> [Gatsby Cloud](https://gatsbyjs.com) is a platform built specifically for Gatsby sites, with features like real-time previews, fast builds, and integrations with dozens of other tools.

Reviewer: add: "It's the best place to build and deploy sites built with Gatsby, and you can use Gatsby Cloud free for personal and community projects."

To deploy your site to Gatsby Cloud, create an account on [Github](https://github.com) if you don’t have one. Github allows you to host and collaborate on code projects using Git for version control.

Create a new repository on Github. Since you’re importing your existing project, you’ll want a completely empty one, so don’t initialize it with `README` or `.gitignore` files.

You can tell Git where the remote (i.e. not on your computer) repository is like this:

```
git remote add origin [GITHUB_REPOSITORY_URL]
```

When you created a new Gatsby project with a starter, it automatically made an initial `git commit`, or a set of changes. Now, you can push your changes to the new remote location:

```

> git push -u origin master

Reviewer: Are we certain that the user doesn't need to directly set/state upstream on the first push?

Author: I'm not sure what you mean here. Since this is the first push I think the user does need to have the `-u` flag.

Reviewer 2: @mgienow, the `-u` is short for `--set-upstream`. This snippet is correct!

```

> Now you’re ready to link this Github repository right to Gatsby Cloud! Check out the reference guide on [Deploying to Gatsby Cloud](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/deploying-to-gatsby-cloud/#set-up-an-existing-gatsby-site).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now you’re ready to link this Github repository right to Gatsby Cloud! Check out the reference guide on [Deploying to Gatsby Cloud](/docs/deploying-to-gatsby-cloud/#set-up-an-existing-gatsby-site).
```
